Asunto: JULIUS CAESAR: Prod Meeting Tonight @ 10:30
De: Matthew Silverman <matthewsilverman2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 12/8/2013 11:48 AM
Para: Alexander Shaffer <AlexanderShaffer2015@u.northwestern.edu>, Alina Carrel <alinacarrel2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Ari Radcliffe-Greene <ariradcliffegreene2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Ariana Steele <arianasteele2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Ashley Lin <ashleylin2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Brooke Sterneck <BrookeSterneck2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Carly Pablos <carlypablos2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Christopher Anselmo <christopheranselmo2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Dan Stompor <dstompor0602@gmail.com>, Daniel Chenard <danielchenard2015@u.northwestern.edu>, Elise Ammondson <eliseammondson2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Emma Horvath <emmahorvath2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Ethan Robison <EthanRobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Gustavo Berrizbeitia <GustavoBerrizbeitia2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Jackson Tritt <jacksontritt2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Jacquelyn Bautista <jacquelynbautista2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Jessica Bickel-Barlow <jessicabickelbarlow2015@u.northwestern.edu>, Jessica Stahmer <jessicastahmer2014@u.northwestern.edu>, Joshua Issler <JoshuaIssler2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Justin Shannin <justinshannin2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Kali Skatchke <kaliskatchke2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Karl Maher <karlsduemail@gmail.com>, Kate Leggett <katherineleggett2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Kyle Hancher <kylehancher2012@u.northwestern.edu>, Maia Nowack <maianowack2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Mari Uchida <MariUchida2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Matthew Silverman <MatthewSilverman2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Nat Kier <NathanielKier2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Natalie Avery <natalieavery2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>, Nicola Rinow <nicolarinow2014@u.northwestern.edu>, Nikolaj Sorensen <NikolajSorensen2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Savannah Couch <SavannahCouch2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Solveig Herzum <solveigherzum2017@u.northwestern.edu>, Stephanie Haines <stephaniehaines2015@u.northwestern.edu>, Sylvia Shim <SylviaShim2017@u.northwestern.edu>

Hello everyone,

We will be having our last prod meeting tonight before break at 10:30 pm in the Big Ten Room! I know I suggested the possibility of meeting earlier, but not enough people were behind that option so we are just going to stick with our regular time to avoid conflict. Please come prepared to talk about what work you will do over break to be ready for final design presentations on January 5th. 

Also, a big thank you to everyone who helped out with all of our fundraisers this past week... they were a huge success! 

All the best,
Matt Silverman 
