Asunto: 2014Spring EECS_214-0_SEC21_AND_EECS_395_SEC35: Meeting and Update
De: Jeremy Alan Midvidy <JeremyMidvidy2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 6/2/2014 7:50 PM
Para: "2014SP_EECS_214-0_SEC21_AND_EECS_395_SEC35":;

Hey guys!

Let's meet tomorrow at 5 to work.  Everyone needs to be there so please please message me if you cannot make it.

As it currently stands:


    the GUI is almost done.  Only need to finalize the mandatory/output class distinctions as well as the output calendar

    the backend is nearly finished.  Just need to finish ranking the different schedules and creating warnings for them.

    the backend and the front end can be connected


Tomorrow we need to get everything linked up and hopefully able to pass some sort of demo for the presentation.
